README.md, before:

# LinkedIn AutoConnect - Chrome Extension

This extensions is for every LinkedIn user who is tired of manually clicking to 'Connect' all those recruiters from their dream company. Or those who are willing to add everyone from their college course.

Install this extension, go to "People You May Know" or "Search People" page on LinkedIn, click "Start" and watch the computer clicking on every "Connect" button then going to the next page and repeating the process until you click "Stop".

## Automatic Installation via Chrome Web Store

~~LinkedIn AutoConnect: <https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/linkedin-autoconnect/jnpbfhigciimemdiiicffgcakpbidbgh>~~

Unfortunately it has been taken down from Chrome Web Store by LinkedIn.

## Manual Installation

You can still run this extension manually. It's pretty simple to get it working:

1. Download the [latest release of LinkedIn AutoConnect](https://github.com/felladrin/linkedin-autoconnect-chrome-extension/releases) and unzip it.
2. Open Google Chrome, type `chrome://extensions` on your address bar and hit Enter.
3. On the Chrome Extensions page, check the `Developer mode` box. New buttons will be displayed.
4. Click on the button `Load unpacked extension...`.
5. Navigate to the folder where you unzipped the extension, select the `src` folder and click 'Open'.
6. The extension should now be loaded and enabled, so you can use it by clicking the LinkedIn AutoConnect icon.

## Screenshots

![LinkedIn AutoConnect Screenshot #1](screenshots/linkedin_autoconnect_screenshot_1.png)

![LinkedIn AutoConnect Screenshot #2](screenshots/linkedin_autoconnect_screenshot_2.png)

## License

The MIT License  
<http://victor.mit-license.org>

Commit message:

[ci skip] Get more Open Source Helpers
[CodeTriage](https://www.codetriage.com/) is an app I have maintained
for the past 4-5 years with the goal of getting people involved in
Open Source projects like this one. The app sends subscribers a random
open issue for them to help "triage". For some languages you can also
suggested areas to add documentation.

The initial approach was inspired by seeing the work of the small
core team spending countless hours asking "what version was
this in" and "can you give us an example app". The idea is to
outsource these small interactions to a huge team of volunteers
and let the core team focus on their work.

I want to add a badge to the README of this project. The idea is to
provide an easy link for people to get started contributing to this
project. A badge indicates the number of people currently subscribed
to help the repo. The color is based off of open issues in the project.

Here are some examples of other projects that have a badge in their
README:

- https://github.com/crystal-lang/crystal
- https://github.com/rails/rails
- https://github.com/codetriage/codetriage

Thanks for building open source software, I would love to help you find some helpers.

README.md, after:

# LinkedIn AutoConnect - Chrome Extension [![Help Contribute to Open Source](https://www.codetriage.com/felladrin/linkedin-autoconnect-chrome-extension/badges/users.svg)](https://www.codetriage.com/felladrin/linkedin-autoconnect-chrome-extension)

This extensions is for every LinkedIn user who is tired of manually clicking to 'Connect' all those recruiters from their dream company. Or those who are willing to add everyone from their college course.

Install this extension, go to "People You May Know" or "Search People" page on LinkedIn, click "Start" and watch the computer clicking on every "Connect" button then going to the next page and repeating the process until you click "Stop".

## Automatic Installation via Chrome Web Store

~~LinkedIn AutoConnect: <https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/linkedin-autoconnect/jnpbfhigciimemdiiicffgcakpbidbgh>~~

Unfortunately it has been taken down from Chrome Web Store by LinkedIn.

## Manual Installation

You can still run this extension manually. It's pretty simple to get it working:

1. Download the [latest release of LinkedIn AutoConnect](https://github.com/felladrin/linkedin-autoconnect-chrome-extension/releases) and unzip it.
2. Open Google Chrome, type `chrome://extensions` on your address bar and hit Enter.
3. On the Chrome Extensions page, check the `Developer mode` box. New buttons will be displayed.
4. Click on the button `Load unpacked extension...`.
5. Navigate to the folder where you unzipped the extension, select the `src` folder and click 'Open'.
6. The extension should now be loaded and enabled, so you can use it by clicking the LinkedIn AutoConnect icon.

## Screenshots

![LinkedIn AutoConnect Screenshot #1](screenshots/linkedin_autoconnect_screenshot_1.png)

![LinkedIn AutoConnect Screenshot #2](screenshots/linkedin_autoconnect_screenshot_2.png)

## License

The MIT License  
<http://victor.mit-license.org>
